[Music]
[Applause]
My girlfriend and I recently moved into
our new house. It's honestly the home
we've been dreaming of, the perfect fit
for us. We have a cat named Bella whom
we rescued together, so everything felt
perfect when we first moved in. The only
downside at first was the house to our
right. It looked abandoned as the owner
had started renovating it but never
finished. The layout of the houses is
such that on our right there's a space
for the entrance to our back garden and
next to that is the abandoned house's
entrance to its back garden. There's no
fence separating the two as the owner
removed it to install a new one but
never completed the job, leaving both
back gardens with open access. Behind
the abandoned house is another property
separated by a fence. From what we could
see, several young men lived there.
Occasionally, when we returned home,
we'd see them cutting through the
neighbor's back garden to reach the
front of the street. We didn't think
much of it at first. Maybe they knew the
owner and had permission. Fast forward
to our first night in the new house. We
were sitting in the back garden enjoying
the space and looked up at the houses
behind us just out of curiosity. That's
when we noticed a man staring blankly at
us from a window. He wasn't hiding it.
He made it very obvious. There was no
expression on his face and the room was
dark, which made the whole thing even
more unsettling. We assumed he was just
curious about his new neighbors. But
after half an hour of that blank stare,
we decided to go inside.
The next few days were normal. I went to
work and my fianceé continued unpacking.
One night, we decided to sit in the
garden again. It was dark, but we
enjoyed looking at the stars and having
deep conversations until we heard the
makeshift wooden board fence being
moved. Three men appeared standing there
staring at us. "Are you okay?" I asked,
knowing they wouldn't leave unless I
said something. "The youngest looking
one, around 29, was holding a big bag,
and we had no idea what was inside. He
offered us some stolen washing up
tablets, which we declined. I made a
joke about it because the situation felt
so awkward. He smiled and said, "Okay."
And then they left. What struck me was
how they just let themselves into our
garden without saying anything, like as
if they had every right to be there. We
went back inside thinking it was a
one-off, but it all started getting
worse from there. They began helping
themselves into our garden more often
and acting in ways that were clearly
meant to intimidate us. They would get
into the next door house by lifting up
the fence that separated the back
gardens and walking through. I forgot to
mention, my girlfriend and I are both 20
years old, so of course the idea that
they might be trying to intimidate us as
two young women was the first thing that
crossed our minds. One day, while I was
cleaning the front room, two police
officers came around the side of our
house and entered the abandoned garden.
They lifted up the fence and looked
around for a few minutes before leaving
without saying anything. I thought it
was strange, but continued with my day,
assuming maybe the people next door were
trouble.
A few days later, the police knocked on
our door. They explained that the house
behind us was now vacant. The men had
been kicked out for antisocial behavior.
Apparently, not just towards us, but
with other neighbors, too. Honestly, we
were relieved. Even though they hadn't
physically done anything yet, it meant
they wouldn't get the chance to escalate
things. We continued settling into the
house. But one day while I was in the
bath, I heard a loud bang outside.
I quickly got dressed and ran to find my
girlfriend. I found her recording
something from our spare bedroom window,
which faces the garden of the now empty
house. I asked what was going on, but
she shushed me. After a moment, she
explained. A man we had never seen
before pointed up at our bedroom window,
and when she noticed him, he sprinted
full speed toward our house. He tried
our door handle on the way past, then
ran back into the garden, threw the
broken fence up, and started banging on
all the windows of the empty house. We
called the police immediately. They
came, watched the video, took a
statement, and left. We were shaken. Why
would they try our door handle and then
break into that house? What was he
planning? A few nights later, while we
were in bed, we heard whistling. The
kind of whistle men used to harass
women. It was 2:16 a.m. We listened
quietly and then heard someone tapping
on our window. Terrified, we checked the
cameras, but for some reason, they
didn't record anything. Whoever it was
must have left shortly after because the
noises stopped. We were too scared to
sleep. So, the next day, we went to my
mom's and stayed the night. When we
returned the following morning, we
noticed our Ring doorbell had been
removed and placed on the floor. The SD
card was gone. Someone had clearly come
back and we knew who it was. Who else
would do that? We called the police
again and they told us to keep all the
doors and windows locked. The woman on
the phone even said that the removal of
the camera could be a sign that they
were planning something, which terrified
us even more. But at least she was
honest. The whistling, banging, and
attempts to reenter the house continued
for weeks. We made multiple police
reports. They never tried our door
again, so we hoped it was over. But 3
weeks later, while in bed watching funny
clips from our camera, we checked the
live feed. That's when we saw a man
outside wearing a black mask covering
his mouth and nose with his hood up,
standing in front of our garden with his
arms spread wide like he was imitating
Jesus on the cross. He stared up at our
bedroom window with his head tilted. We
froze. At the time, we had moved the
camera inside the house, so it didn't
record. We were so shaken, we didn't
even think to screen record. He then
spoke, but we couldn't hear what he
said. Then he turned around, walked to
the opposite side of the street, and
just stood there staring at our house
for about 30 minutes. We called the
police again. They said it wasn't
illegal to stare at someone's property
and dismissed the whole thing. Even when
we told them what he did on our lawn,
they made us feel like we were
overreacting.
We couldn't sleep for days. Any noise
outside terrified us, even normal ones.
Then one night at 2:52 a.m., we got a
notification. I woke my girlfriend and
said, "Someone's outside. I know it.
Please check the camera." She did, and
there they were. Two masked men coming
from the side of our house, shining
flashlights into our windows. One of
them, the same man who had been
harassing us, was holding what looked
like a crowbar. Why us? What was the
point of this? For days on end, he would
stand across the street, pointing,
waving, or shouting things up at our
window. Every time we looked, he would
stare blankly at us. It was clearly
meant to scare us, and it worked. We
kept contacting the police, but they've
done very little. The harassment
continues. We've got cameras now, and we
record everything, but we feel
powerless.
Just earlier today, he stood outside
again, staring up at us. We got it on
video and we're absolutely terrified,
but we'll update if anything else
happens.
[Music]
Let me preface this by saying I'm not
crazy. I know how this is going to
sound, paranoid, unhinged, delusional,
but I swear everything I'm about to tell
you actually happened. It started with a
face, or more accurately, faces that all
looked just slightly off. 3 months ago,
I ended a relationship with my ex,
Caleb. We'd been together almost 2
years, and the breakup was long overdue.
Caleb wasn't violent or anything. He
never hit me, but he was controlling and
possessive in that low-key and
calculating kind of way. Perhaps the
worst kind of way. He'd do things like
track when I'm on my phone and quiz me
on things I'd done that day to see if
I'd give the same answer twice. After I
left him, I changed my number, disabled
my social media, and even moved
apartments. I thought I was in the
clear. Then came the barista. It was a
Tuesday morning. I stopped by this
little hole-in-the-wall coffee shop near
my new place. I'd only been there once
or twice. As I stepped up to the
counter, the barista, a girl about my
age, smiled at me. But something about
her expression made me pause. She tilted
her head and said, "Good morning,
sunshine." I froze because that was
Caleb's nickname for me. It was not a
common one. He used to say it
sarcastically whenever I was upset,
like, "What's wrong, sunshine?" He
enjoyed pushing buttons. I brushed it
off. Maybe it was a coincidence. But
then it happened again. A few days
later, I took a ride share to work. A
different driver than usual. older guy,
maybe in his 50s. He kept glancing in
the rearview mirror like he was trying
to recognize me and then he asked me if
I ever figured out what I was running
from. He said it as casual as could be.
I simply responded, "What?" And he just
chuckled and shook his head like I was
in on some joke. Caleb said that to me
once after I told him I needed time to
figure myself out. He leaned in dead
serious and asked, "Ever figure out what
you're running from?" Now, two strangers
have repeated things he said word for
word. It kept happening. A woman at the
grocery store bumped into me and
whispered, "You don't get to just
disappear." A guy on the street said,
"Still wearing your hair like that." as
he passed. Another one, someone who
worked in my building, said, "You always
like this song." while humming the exact
tune Caleb used to play when we argued.
It wasn't their faces that freaked me
out. It was the way they looked at me,
like they knew me, or at least thought
they did. They all had different faces,
but their eyes all had the same
expressions.
I started thinking I was going crazy. I
mean, what else could explain it, so I
did something I wasn't proud of. I
contacted Caleb, not directly. I sent a
message to his sister. I told her to
tell him to stop. I figured maybe he
hired a private investigator. Maybe he
was stalking me or pulling strings,
telling people things about me. I just
wanted it to stop. She texted back the
next day saying, "I don't know what
you're talking about. Caleb's in rehab.
He's been there for 6 weeks with no
phone." I didn't believe her. I thought
she was covering for him. That is until
I saw a picture she posted of him on
Facebook a week later looking pale and
sunken in, holding one of those one day
sober chips. So, it couldn't be Caleb,
or at least not directly.
I couldn't shake the feeling that these
strangers knew things they shouldn't,
though. One night, I stayed late at
work. I didn't want to go home because
my apartment didn't feel safe anymore.
Not that anything bad happened inside of
it. I just didn't like being alone.
Around 10 p.m., I finally called it a
night. I walked the 10 minutes to my
place, keeping my head down, headphones
in, but no music playing. something I
learned to do so I could still hear if
someone was following me. When I turned
the corner onto my block, I saw someone
sitting on the stoop of the building
across from mine. A young man with his
hoodie up but his head down. I almost
ignored him until he spoke. He said,
"Cold out tonight, huh, sunshine?" I
stopped walking. He didn't look at me.
He just stared at the sidewalk like he
was reading something on it. I slowly
walked past and didn't say a word. When
I reached my building, I went upstairs
and locked every bolt on the door. I sat
on the couch for hours just listening to
nothing. Eventually, I fell asleep. The
next morning, I woke up to find my
doormat flipped over. That might not
sound like a big deal, but I live alone,
and the door to my unit is on the top
floor. You don't just accidentally walk
by my place. The underside of my mat had
something scribbled in pen. It said,
"You can change your face too if you
want, but I'll still recognize you." I
didn't know what it meant, but I still
threw up. That day, I booked a hotel for
the weekend. I left my apartment without
packing anything. I didn't feel safe
even grabbing clothes. I just needed to
be somewhere crowded. The hotel clerk
gave me a room on the fourth floor. It
was small, quiet, and kind of stuffy,
but it felt safe. But only until around
2:00 a.m. when someone knocked on my
door. There were three slow knocks.
I sat up in bed and waited. They knocked
again eventually. I peeked through the
peepphole and it was a woman maybe in
her 40s. Her face was totally blank and
expressionless. She was just staring
straight at the door. She didn't say
anything. So, I didn't make a sound and
eventually she left. It was one of the
most disturbing things I'd ever seen.
The next morning, I asked the front desk
if someone had come by to my room. They
said no one should have been up there,
especially that late. All the rooms on
my floor were vacants. That's when it
clicked. These weren't random people.
They were being sense and fed my
details. They were given phrases Caleb
used. But if it weren't Caleb, who would
do it and why? I thought about Caleb in
rehab, about his obsession with control
and making sure I was never fully gone.
He didn't need to be the one knocking.
He just needed to send others to do it.
So, I started digging and there was one
conversation I remembered from months
before the breakup. Caleb talking about
a forum he was on. A place where people
shared tactics. He made it sound like it
was for productivity or
self-improvement. I don't remember the
name of it. Honestly, I don't think he
ever gave me the name, but in
retrospect, it sounded like some creepy
cultish role-play crap, except it's
happening to me for real. Someone,
probably Caleb, had hired people to say
his words and mimic his patterns so that
even if he was out of my life,
technically, I'd still be constantly
reminded of him. It wasn't stalking in
the traditional sense. It was
psychological graffiti, like he was
spraying himself onto strangers so I
could never be sure who I was looking
at. I don't think it's about watching
me, but rather about making sure I never
stopped watching for him. I moved again
and disappeared off social media again.
I even dyed my hair. I told friends not
to tell anyone where I was. It worked
until last week. I was walking home from
the bookstore and a woman passed me on
the street and said, "Still hiding
behind books, sunshine." She didn't stop
walking even just to look at me. I don't
think this will ever stop. Maybe he paid
some crazy underground service to do
this to me for a year. Who knows? Maybe
he made it public. Maybe this is some
sick underground game now. Who can scare
Sunshine the best? Who can get the
closest without touching? I can't trust
anyone's face anymore. The constant
paranoia is truly eating away at my
mental health.
[Music]
My family is a group of home bodies that
don't travel, so everyone was surprised
when my aunt proposed a trip to one of
Michigan's Great Lakes. We agreed,
wanting to create new memories together.
My cousin booked a spacious Airbnb that
could somehow accommodate all 18 of us,
which felt like a miracle considering
the price. The house sat right on the
beach with gorgeous lake views that
stretched for miles, almost like an
ocean. Most of us claimed rooms in the
main house, but because of our large
group, some of us were placed in a
second building directly behind it, a
two-story garage with bedrooms upstairs.
My three cousins and I were assigned to
sleep there. At first, we didn't think
much of it. We spent most of the first
day enjoying the hot tub, relaxing on
the beach, and soaking in the scenery.
It wasn't until night that we entered
the garage for real. The space was
outdated and neglected with carpeted
bathrooms that smelled like mold,
stained bed linens, and a poorly secured
latch on the door. Clearly, the cleaners
focused on the main home and ignored the
garage.
My cousins were grossed out and refused
to sleep on the beds unless we wash the
sheets, so I suggested we do laundry.
The machines were small, so we could
only do one set of bed sheets at a time,
and it was obvious we'd be up late. We
passed time upstairs, waiting for the
first load. My cousin Maria complained
about how we got stuck with the worst
place. And as she spoke, I started to
feel uneasy, like something bad was
coming. I've had this feeling before, a
rare kind of intuition that usually ends
in a nightmare or something worse. I
told my cousins to stay alert, and they
listened, especially since we'd all
experienced a break-in before when we
lived in Detroit. Around midnight, the
bell rang from the first floor,
signaling the wash was done. I went
downstairs alone, swapped the load into
the dryer, and brought up the clean
smelling sheets. When my cousins saw how
clean they were, they wanted their
bedding washed, too. So, I kept going up
and down between cycles doing everyone's
sheets. At around 2:3,7 a.m., we were
finally done. We made the beds, and
we're too tired to stay up any longer.
My cousin Nikki insisted we leave the
light on, and while they all fell asleep
quickly, I stayed up doing some
schoolwork on my phone. I'm a light
sleeper, something that stuck with me
since the break-in, and I remained hyper
aware of my surroundings, even while
half asleep. Then, around 3:00 a.m., a
loud bang hit the garage door like
someone had thrown their body against
it. I sat up, startled, but my cousins
didn't move. I tried telling myself it
was just wind, though the noise was too
heavy for that. Still, I stayed quiet
and tried to sleep. But then it happened
again. Same deafening crash. this time
shaking the garage door. The building
trembled from the impact. I was fully
awake now, watching the lamp lit room as
my cousins continued to sleep. No animal
or gust of wind could cause that. 20
minutes later, the third boom hit. The
garage shook again, and finally, two of
my cousins bolted upright. I asked if
they heard that, already knowing the
answer. Nikki asked what that was, and I
said, "I don't know, but this is the
third time I'm hearing it. We all agreed
no wind could cause that sound. Nikki
suggested texting her mom, my aunt, so
we did. It was 4:11 a.m. when she
responded, realizing something serious
must be going on. She woke my uncle who
ran outside to check the property. We
stayed upstairs, too afraid to move
until we heard knocking. It was my uncle
at the door, and when we opened it, we
saw him standing there with my dad and a
few of our older male cousins. That's
when I knew it was serious. There was no
wind, no one playing around. My uncle
told us to grab our things that were
going to the main house. Then he said
there was someone on the property, and
that's what made my heart sink. I threw
everything into my suitcase, and we all
rushed out of the garage. Once inside
the main house, most of the family woke
up from the noise and commotion. We sat
in the living room trying to piece it
all together. I told them about the
first two loud crashes and my cousins
confirmed the third. My aunt explained
that when my uncle went out to
investigate, she followed him. He
shouted, "Hey," at someone standing
behind the garage. The door to the main
house slammed behind her right then, and
there was no wind to explain it. She
feared someone might have slipped into
the house, so she ran to wake my dad and
cousins. After searching, no one else
was found inside. Then my uncle
described what he saw. A man stood
behind the garage, not hiding or moving,
but staring like he wanted to be seen.
When my uncle called out, the man didn't
flinch. He simply walked away and
vanished. Not into the darkness, but
into thin air. The leaves on the ground
didn't crunch, and there were no
footsteps left behind. My uncle's not
someone who makes up stories either.
He's a serious, logical man, which made
everything scarier. My brothers added
that they found two jester cards, one in
the main house and one in the garage.
The one in the garage was twisted and
demonic looking. One cousin pointed out
that jesters symbolize mockery and loud
sounds happened around 3:00 a.m. the
so-called devil's hour. It was as if we
were being taunted. My uncle had even
checked for footprints, but saw only his
and my cousins, not the man's. Another
cousin drove down the road during the
incident to try and spot someone
fleeing, but found no one. That day, no
one returned to the garage. We squeezed
into the main house, on floors, couches,
anywhere there was room. My mom gave up
her bed so we could sleep more
comfortably.
On the second night, she slept on a
couch by the large windows and woke
around 4:00 a.m. to footsteps on the
porch. She didn't dare open her eyes.
She was afraid of seeing someone looking
in. Then she heard someone trying the
basement door. It had a weak lock and my
brothers and male cousins were sleeping
down there. The door rattled as someone
tried to break in. My mom rushed to the
basement, but by the time she reached
the beachside entrance, no one was there
and all the boys were still fast asleep.
That was our last night. Though we
planned to stay until Tuesday, we left
Monday instead. On the way home, we
couldn't stop talking about what had
happened. When my mom found out I had
been going downstairs alone during
laundry, she theorized that someone
might have been watching me and thought
I was alone in the garage. The time
between my last trip downstairs and us
going to sleep lined up way too well
with the banging sounds. Theories
started to form. Some of us thought it
was a neighbor trying to scare us off.
Others believed there was something
paranormal, especially because of the
jester cards. My aunt pointed out that a
normal person would have run when my
uncle spotted them. But this man didn't
run. He just watched and disappeared. We
contacted the Airbnb host who claimed
she'd review the footage from the camera
above the garage door, but we never
heard back. It made us wonder, did she
know the man? Was he a neighbor? When we
first arrived, my sister and cousin had
walked the beach and passed a woman next
door. She watched them coldly without
friendliness or a greeting, just an
unfriendly gaze.
The house was in the middle of nowhere,
and we understood how constant Airbnb
guests might annoy locals, but we were
respectful. We didn't deserve what
happened. This was our first family trip
and hopefully not our last. Even after
everything we went through.